[OUDS] feat(docs): added browserslistrc callouts (#3714)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/src/content/docs/components/password-input.mdx

  All other available features of the text input component can be used with the password input, such as leading icons, helper text, and validation states. Please refer to the [text input documentation]([[docsref:/components/text-input]]) for more details.
</Callout>

> <Callout type="warning">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout 
  type="warning" 
  action="Please refer to the Browsers documentation for more details."
  actionHref={getVersionedDocsPath('/getting-started/browsers-devices')}
>
```

>   Please note that a known issue can prevent floating labels from working in all browsers with the default configuration. We suggest using our <code>.browserslistrc</code> file to ensure compatibility. Please refer to the [Browsers and devices documentation]([[docsref:/getting-started/browsers-devices]]) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Please note a default Autoprefixer configuration could prevent floating labels from working in some browsers when using OUDS Web SCSS. We suggest using our <code>.browserslistrc</code> file to ensure compatibility.
```
